# Time-and-location-info
Increase accuracy of LPR based on known or knowable data
 

The Time & Location Review will send those license plates encountered in real-time, which are at or above a user definable confidence level, for automatic violation processing.  Those not meeting the criteria are sent to the Human Review station for analysis and correction.
Implementation of the Time & Location Review requires an up-to-date database comprised of:
All vehicle license plates for which a transponder has been issued.  This list is updated weekly and will have vehicle year, make/model, color, classification, state of issue and license plate number.  Expired transponders will be indicated as such on the list.
All vehicle license plate numbers, plate type, state of issue and classification which have been encountered on the road system for the previous 90 days, and after they have been sent for Human Review processing for correction.
All vehicle license plate numbers, plate type, state of issue and classification which have been encountered on the road system for the previous 90 days, and, by virtue of their confidence level having exceeded a user selectable threshold, have been sent for automatic violation processing.
License plates captured in real-time, and for which the vehicle with which they are associated has a transponder, will have the ALPR results compared to the license plate data registered with that transponder. 
If the license plate ALPR result is the same as that from the transponder registered data, the confidence level is increased to 100%. 
If the ALPR result is one character different from the transponder registered data the confidence level is increased by X percent. 
If the ALPR result is two characters different from the transponder registered data, and one of those characters is an ambiguous character, the confidence level is increased by Y percent.
License plates sent for automatic violation processing will also be forwarded to a database.  Included in this database will be license plates that have not met the threshold and have been sent for Human Review, and have been corrected where necessary.  This combined database will include the average time of day each license plate result was competed in the lane, the location (plaza/lane) where it was encountered, the plate type and state of issue.  This database is known as the ‘previously encountered’ list.  Data on the ‘previously encountered’ list will represent a 60 day running history.
Real-time ALPR results that fall below a certain confidence level, rendering them unsuitable for automatic violation processing, will be checked against the ‘previously encountered’ list
If the real-time plate result is found to be on the ‘previously encountered’ list, the confidence level will be modified as follows:
An increase of Z percent if the real-time license plate is an exact match with a license plate on the ‘previously  reviewed’ list and has been encountered at the same time of day, plus or minus XX minutes, and at the same location within YY days.
For each minute prior to or after the threshold (XX minutes above) the added percentage to the confidence level will be reduced by 1 percentage point.  Should the real-time plate result, after the application of this rule, be equal to or less than its original confidence level, it will be forwarded to Human Review. 
For each day prior to or after the threshold (YY days above) the added percentage to the confidence level will be reduced by 2 percentage points.  Should the real-time result, after the application of this rule, be equal to or less than its original confidence level, it will be forwarded to Human Review.
An increase of XX percent if the real-time license plate matches a license plate on the ‘previously encountered’ list with the exception of 1 character AND the real-time license plate is encountered within YY minutes of threshold Y (above) AND the real-time license plate is encountered within ZZ days of threshold Z (above).
An increase of XXX percent if the real-time license plate matches a license plate on the ‘previously encountered’ list with the exception of 2 characters AND the real-time license plate is encountered within YY minutes of threshold Y (above) AND the real-time license plate is encountered within ZZ days of threshold Z (above).
All license plate results, both real-time and those compared to the ‘previously encountered’ list, are checked against selected lists and, if a match is found, an alarm is sent to selected recipients with an image of the real-time license plate and the number as listed on the select list, and the name of the selected list.
All license plate results, both real-time and those compared to the ‘previously encountered’ list, are checked against an ‘always send for Human Review’ list and, if found on that list, are sent to Human Review with a notation that the particular license plate was on the ‘always send for Human Review’ list.
Any license plate that has been sent to Human Review (in progress)…
